Roles quality 

Soldier


The role of the soldier which from the
forefront of warfare conducts the direct
battle with the enemy with important task. 

The case which keeps the role of the soldier,
the physical attack power and magical attack
power improve to 1.3 point. As the commander
sets the soldier has got the ability to
teleport directly to a certain position.

The task of the soldier is to permeates to
the hostile country to destroy the 'energy
shield', 'grand magic generator', or occupate
the 'Mana stone' and protect with the
constructor the warfare infrastructure from
enemy attack. 


Constructor

The constructor can construct multi branch
warfare infrastructure such as 'Mana collector'
The type of warfare infrastructure are.. 
* Bow guard tower: The position construction
infrastructure which affixes the anger flesh
firing turret. 

* Cannon guard tower:
The position construction infrastructure which
affixes the cannon firing turret. 

* Mana collector: Install near the Mana Stone.
Recharges the mana for near players near.

* Detector: When the enemy approaches, occurs
a warning message, the enemy transparent
condition disables.

The mission of the constructor is to build
'Mana collector' near 'Mana stone' To save
Mana collector, and construct defensive
construction.
 


Commander 
Only the guild master can become a commander, 
and must grasp the warfare situation ability.
The commander can set the soldier where to
teleport and construction of the constructor
position.


The commander sets the strength committed
location of our soldiers who hits to warfare
situation with warfare whole flows. Also the
commander follows the soldier and the
constructor of the oneself and he can powerful
it will be able to recall the units. 